##CardMatchingGame:
This project mainly accomplishes a two-dimension graphic card matching game by using Jframe. This kind of card matching game is original from a traditional Chinese Mahjong game; in the Mahjong game, the player puts cards on a plane and takes out two cards of identical patterns by matching them with three or less adjacent lines until no cards leave on the plane anymore. 

The rule of the card matching is quite similar as the game rule of Mahjong: the player’s goal is to find out the cards with exact same pattern without crossing other cards on the plane (drawing outside the plane boundary does work). It's worth noting that sometimes there may not has a solution for the arrangement since the cards are ranged in a random order.

As for the project, the game was simplified in some ways: firstly, the design of cards are slightly different with the old game where the patterns are replaced by whole numbers. Those numbers, which have a total number of thirty, are placed in the rectangular cells eachly with six rows and five columns. Moreover, this new version of the card matching game plays with other link game repeatedly, order with the left key of mouse to let players match two same cells (with the equivalent numbers) in the plane, giving players unlimited time to try to match cards as many as possible, with the scores appearing in the upper part of the screen. Another major difference between our new version of the game and the old one is that there will neither has a final score nor appears in the form of "Success" or "Fail" , since we want to focus more on players' patience but not their reaction capacity and eyesight conditions. Lastly, in order to avoid the cases of no solutions, this new version offers a reset button to let players rearrange the orders of the cells while the game is caught in a “stalemate” so that players can get a complete game end in every single times.